The title: Black Myth: WukongThe tags: Mythology, Action RPG, Action, RPG, Souls-like, Combat, Story Rich, Singleplayer, Drama, Action-Adventure, Dark Fantasy, Atmospheric, Adventure, 3D, Fantasy, Hack and Slash, Third Person, Difficult, Music, Violent; The description: Digital Deluxe Edition The Black Myth: Wukong Digital Deluxe Edition includes: - Black Myth: Wukong Full Game - Weapon: Bronzecloud Staff - Equipment: Folk Opera Mask, Folk Opera Almsgiving Armor, Folk Opera Leather Bracers, and Folk Opera Buskins - Curio: Wind Chimes - Selected Digital Soundtrack ※ The included weapon, equipment, and curio can be claimed from the Trailblazer's Gift menu at the Keeper's Shrine (Respawn Point) during the early stages of the game. ※ Selected Digital Soundtrack allows you to listen to multiple selected musical tracks from the game by activating the Music Library function on the game's title screen. We highly recommend that you first experience these pieces as you journey through the game as the Destined One, then return here to relive them to your heart's content. About the Game Black Myth: Wukong is an action RPG rooted in Chinese mythology. The story is based on Journey to the West, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. You shall set out as the Destined One to venture into the challenges and marvels ahead, to uncover the obscured truth beneath the veil of a glorious legend from the past. • Explore a Land of Vast Wonders 'A world unseen, where wonders gleam, And with each stride, a new scene streams.' Enter a fascinating realm filled with the wonders and discoveries of ancient Chinese mythology! As the Destined One, you shall traverse an array of breathtaking and distinctive landscapes from the classic tale, composing an epic of adventure that is seen anew. • Confront Mighty Foes, Old and New 'Heroic Monkey, might and fame, Adversaries rise, to test his name.' One of the major highlights of Journey to the West is its diverse cast of adversaries, each with their unique strengths. As the Destined One, you will encounter powerful foes and worthy rivals throughout your journey. Fearlessly engage them in epic battles where surrender is not an option. • Temper Your Mastery of Varied Spells 'Spells unbound, talents in play, Unleashed abilities seize the day.' Spells, transformations, and magic vessels of all manifestations, in which some counteract while others amplify, have long been iconic combat elements of Chinese mythology. As the Destined One, aside from mastering various staff techniques, you can also freely combine different spells, abilities, weapons, and equipment to find a winning strategy that best suits your combat style. • Discover Heartfelt Tales Behind Every Facade 'Within all souls, both wild and tame, There thrives a tale of life's fierce flame.' Beneath the ferocity and craftiness of your foes lies an engaging tapestry of their origins, personalities, and motivations waiting to be revealed. As the Destined One, you will uncover the stories behind a variety of characters, delving beyond your battles with them to taste the love, hate, greed, and fury they once held and still carry within.; The categories: Single-player, Steam Achievements, Full controller support, Steam Cloud, Family Sharing, ; The genres: Action, Adventure, RPG, 